Pontoon update: workflow.md (#224)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/tools/pontoon/workflow.md

1. Log in to Pontoon.
2. Browse to the [project](teams_projects.md).
3. Using [filters](search_filters.md) select `Missing` to display only the strings currently missing a translation, marked as [fuzzy](glossary.md#fuzzy) or containing errors.

> 4. Access personal settings by clicking on the gear icon below the editing field and turn on `Make suggestions`.<br>Note that new volunteers who have not yet been granted the [Translator role](users.md#user-roles) will only have the ability to `Make suggestions`, which will be enabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Access personal settings by clicking on the gear icon below the editing field and turn on `Make suggestions`.<br>Note that new volunteers who have not yet been granted [Translator permissions](users.md#user-roles) will only have the ability to `Make suggestions`, which will be enabled by default.
```

> 5. For each string, type a translation and save it with the blue `SUGGEST` button. The string will be recorded under the `HISTORY` tab. Each string submitted shows the name of the author and when it was saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. For each string, type a translation and save it with the blue `SUGGEST` button. The string will be displayed under the editor. Each string submitted shows the name of the author and when it was saved.
```

There is no HISTORY tab anymore.

2. Browse to the [project](teams_projects.md).
3. In [filters](search_filters.md) select `Unreviewed`, to isolate the strings previously suggested by another translator.
4. Review the suggested strings.

>      * If a suggestion is acceptable, confirm it as an approved translation by clicking the green `SAVE` button or the checkmark icon near the string in the `HISTORY` tab (it turns green when hovered).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * If a suggestion is acceptable, confirm it as an approved translation by clicking the green `SAVE` button or the checkmark icon near the string in the list of translations under the editor (it turns green when hovered).
```
